Add execution_mode to datasource tfe_workspace (#772)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-tfe: website/docs/d/workspace.html.markdown

* `trigger_patterns` - List of [glob patterns](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/vcs#glob-patterns-for-automatic-run-triggering) that describe the files Terraform Cloud monitors for changes. Trigger patterns are always appended to the root directory of the repository.
* `vcs_repo` - Settings for the workspace's VCS repository.
* `working_directory` - A relative path that Terraform will execute within.

> * `execution_mode` - Indicates whether to use Terraform Cloud or local machine or agents as the Terraform execution platform for this workspace.

Reviewer: Can you mention the possible values to this field? `remote`, `local` or `agent`

```suggestion
* `execution_mode` - Indicates the [execution mode](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings#execution-mode) of the workspace. Possible values include `remote`, `local`, or `agent`.
```
